[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hi, I'm Bob Bailey, a learning
specialist with Brightcove.
In this video, we'll see how
to create a manual playlist.
A playlist is a
collection of videos
that are grouped together in a
particular order for playback
in a Brightcove player.
To create a playlist,
open the Media module.
Some playlists may be displayed
in the side navigation panel
but to see all playlists,
click All Playlists
in the side navigation panel.
To create a new playlist,
click Create Playlist
in the side navigation panel.
I'll start by giving
the playlist a name.
There are two types of
playlists, manual and smart.
In a manual playlist,
you choose the videos
that are in the playlist
and order them yourself.
Smart playlists are
covered in another video.
I'm going to click Manual, and
then click Create playlist.
Clicking Show
Playlist in Sidebar
will cause the playlist to
display in the side navigation
panel for easy access.
Now, we can add videos
to the playlist.
To do that, I'll go to All
Videos, I'll select the videos,
and then click More,
Add to Playlist.
I'll select a playlist
and then click Add.
To change the order of the
videos, select the playlist,
and then just drag the videos so
they are in the correct order.
To remove a video
from the playlist,
select it, and then click Remove
Videos, Remove from playlist.
To edit any of the playlist
settings, click Edit Settings.